What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	When you initialize a repository you are creating a set of files that will be tracked by Git to track changes.  You need to do it because it needs to set the starting point.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area is the place where you flag a file that is in the working directory for a possible commit to the repository.  It offers the value of giving you finer control over which files will get sent to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	You can use the staging area by using git diff —-staged to show the change you made to a file and how it differs from the most recent commit.  You could also use git diff with no IDs to show the changes you made to the working file.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	Git would be helpful in keeping my history organized because I could use it to explore new ideas without having to worry about screwing up the original "main-line" code.  With branches I could do "experimental" hacks to see what works and what doesn't.  Almost like A/B testing.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	They show where the new code branches off and also which changes are not reachable.  This gives some insight into where new branches may need to be created.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	The result of merging two branches together is that we get a new "master" branch that has the new features of the "adding branch" combined with the latest version of the master branch.  We represent it in the way we do because the new features are being combined to that all of the commits are represented in a way that they can be tracked easily.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
